GENETIC ALGORITHM
-----------------
Simple Genetic Algorithm (GA) which finds the correct sequence of numbers (initially provide a sample, but later can change for the numbers to be from user input)
Number length can initially be lower (5 or 6?) to reduce runtime and check that the alogirthm works, later can expand



PSUEDOCODE Process for Genetic Algorithm
----------------------------------------
START
Generate the initial population
Compute fitness
REPEAT
    Selection
    Crossover
    Mutation 
    Compute fitness
UNTIL population has converged
STOP

Regarding the Replacement process of each generation, will choose to undergo 'Generational Replacement', where all 'chromosomes' of each generation is replaced with children.
To encourage parents with greater fitness to be chosen, will have half the new generation be 'bred' from the top half fitness parents, and the remaining half be bred from all parents. This allows for the new generation to have more children with a better fitness

Further variations can be made, such as:
    - Only have the top 2 fitness breed and replace the lowest fitness with it (i.e. steady state replacement)
    - Breed all, and replace only the bottom half with the children


As there are less combinations in this project than solving a TSP, the genetic algorithm will continue until the solution has fully converged (rather than iterating through a set number of generations, though that can be easily added)

Crossover (i.e. baby making) for this project will simply be a 'One-Point Crossover', where a single point in the sequence is found and the children will be composed of the parents of either side of the cross. (Different crossover operators can be explored later) 

Due to the simple Crossover formulation, mutation is almost essential, otherwise the genetic algorithm will get stuck, with the entire population converging to a sub-optimal value (in this case due to the simplicity of the task, only the exact value is considered sufficient)
Initial mutation is done by selecting a random gene and randomly changing it, although it may be better to swap said gene with another of the same chromosome. Will change later depending on the results (no. of generation for results to converge)

-----------------------------------------------------
SIMULATION
----------

In order to obtain a more accurate depiction regarding the effectiveness of the GA, a simple simulation with a relatively large sample size will be conducted. 
Simulation will control the adjustable parameters of the GA (such as mutation chance, population size, goal etc.) 

Initial way of determining effectiveness will simple be the number of generations required to fully converge 

Define baseline results as:
    goal = [2,4,6,8,10]
    pop_size = 20
    mut_chance = 0.05 (5%)

Some changes to the GA that could be made to compare effectiveness with baseline are:
    goal - randomise the selection of numbers
    Increase/decrease the pop_size
    Increase/decrease mut_chance
    Change the way crossover is conducted
    Change the replacement process (e.g. use steady state replacement)
